1.   The customer must provide the bank with specimen signatures on a special card. Such 
     specimen  signatures shall be valid and applicable on all transactions.
2.   The statement sent to the customer at his/her address registered in the Bank’s files 
     shall be deemed approved by him/her unless otherwise advised by the customer within 
     fifteen days  thereof.
3.   The customer must keep his/her chequebooks in a safe and secure place, loss of such 
     chequebooks must be reported to the Bank immediately.  If the customer selects to 
     close his/her account, he/she must return his/her chequebooks to the Bank.
4.   The customer shall advise the Bank of any change in his/her address, otherwise the last 
     address used by the bank will be the valid mailing address.
5.   The Bank’s records shall be deemed correct, decisive evidence which is binding to the 
     customer and may not by contested.
6.   The Bank may, without consulting the customer, debit his/her account for all expenses, 
     fees and commissions whatsoever born by the Bank on behalf of the customer or as a 
     result of any transaction between the Bank and the customer.
7.   The Bank may, at anytime, change or amend the terms and conditions pertaining to any 
     account.  Such change or amendment shall be effective one week after a written advise 
     has been delivered to the customer by mail or by any other method.  
8.   The customer authorizes the bank to debit any of his/her accounts with the Bank for any 
     order, discounted items, loans, letter of guarantees, purchased cheques, returned 
     cheques or any ATM and credit card transactions, all the customer accounts regardless of 
     their currencies, shall only constitute one single account, the Bank shall without 
     notice combine or consolidate all the accounts with the liabilities of the account 
     holder and set off or transfer any sum/s standing to the credit of any such accounts or 
     any other sum/s owning from the Bank in or towards satisfaction of any liability to a 
     bank on any other account or any other respect whether such liability is actual or 
     contingent.
9.   The Bank may from time to time, in its sole discretion, allow the customer to overdraw 
     from his/her current account. The amount by which an account may be overdrawn, the 
     period for which the overdrawn amount may remain outstanding and the rate at which 
     service charges will accrue will be determined by the Bank.  Service charges will 
     accrue on overdrawn amounts in accordance with the Bank’s regular practices; and all 
     service charges will be treated as an additional overdrawn amount on which service 
     charges will subsequently accrue.  The customer must pay the overdrawn amount plus all 
     accrued service charges upon the bank’s first demand.
10. The customer agrees to accept cash deposits credited to his/her account with the Bank 
    which may be made by any third party unless he/she provides the bank with written 
    instruction to reject such deposits.
11. The Bank will not accept any stop payment order unless legally justified and given and 
    signed by the customer on the Bank’s form whenever possible.
12. The bank shall not be obliged to meet customer cash requirements of foreign currencies 
    from his/her foreign currency account with the Bank unless cash is available and 
    sufficient time is given to the Bank, in which event the Bank will charge the customer 
    a margin based on the prevailing exchange rates on the date of withdrawal.
13. The Bank shall not be liable in the event of alteration in any cheque drawn by the 
    customer on his/her account and filled by an electrical typewriter or any other typing 
    device.
14. The customer undertakes to use the Bank in withdrawing and depositing transactions.
15. The account holders must maintain the minimum balance in their accounts as set by the 
    Bank from time to time.  The Bank reserves the right to make charges or close the 
    accounts if balances fall below the required minimum.
16. Cheques causing the account to be overdrawn will be returned unpaid and the account will 
    be debited with a penalty at the Bank’s prevailing Tariff of charge for each cheque 
    returned for lack of funds.  Also, if a cheque or any other payment order creating an 
    overdraft is inadvertently transacted by the Bank, the account holder shall promptly upon 
    demand, pay to the Bank the amount of the overdraft plus a penalty in an amount to be 
    determined by the Bank from time to time and accruing for each day elapsing until the 
    Bank has been fully reimbursed.  Each member of a joint account shall be jointly and 
    severally responsible for any amount due to the Bank in connection with the aforesaid 
    accounts.
17. In the event of contradiction between any of the foregoing terms with the local rules 
    and regulations the latter shall apply.
