The applicant (hereinafter called the customer) accepts the following terms and conditions 
for using Al-Arabi Electron card (hereinafter called the card), issued by Arab National bank
(hereinafter called the Bank).

1- The bank will supply the customer with Al-Arabi Electron card and Personal Identification 
   Number (PIN) which is used in transacting through the ATM and point of sale provided that 
   the card shall remain the property of the Bank and will be surrendered to the bank upon 
   request.
2- A Personal Identification number (PIN) for the card will be selected by the customer. The 
   customer hereby undertakes not to disclose such number to any other party whether 
   relatives, friends or even bank employees.
3- The Bank has the right to withdraw the card from the customer, stop card utilization, 
   amend or supplement any of these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice to 
   the customer.
4- The customer shall return the card to the Bank for cancellation in the event the customer 
   no longer requires the service or if the Bank stops card utilization for any reason 
   whatsoever.
5- The card is not transferable and may be used only by the customer, who must not disclose 
   his/her Personal Identification Number (PIN) to any other person.
6- The customer authorizes the Bank to renew his/her card or issue a new one in lieu of the 
   reported lost card until receipt by the Bank of a notice in writing to the contrary from 
   the customer.
7- The customer shall advise the Bank immediately of the loss of the card in writing 
   howsoever occurring and he/she shall remain responsible for any transactions performed 
   with his/her lost card as if he/she had used it personally until the Bank receives, in 
   writing, a notification to that effect.
8- The Bank reserves the right to charge for issuing or/and reissuing the card.
9- The Bank will debit the customer's account with any withdrawal or transfer or amount of 
   purchases performed by the use of his/her card, and the customer shall in all 
   circumstances accept full responsibility for all transactions processed by the use of the 
   card, whether or not processed with the customer's knowledge, or by his/her authorization. 
   The customer accepts the Bank's record of transactions as conclusive and binding for all 
   purposes.
10- The customer undertakes, whenever his/her account(s) is (are) overdrawn by the use of the 
    card to settle upon the Bank's request his/her overdrawn balance in addition to any 
    charges. The customer also authorize the Bank (without the Bank being bound to do so) to 
    cover his/her overdrawn account balance by debiting any of his/her personal or 
    establishment(s) account(s) he/she has with any branch of the Arab National Bank.
11- The customer shall abide by the daily cash withdrawal limits established by the Bank from 
    time to time and clear his/her purchases.
12- In the event of a difference between the amount of any deposit as stated by the customer 
    and the Bank's account, the bank's account shall be controlling and binding on the 
    customer. The Bank shall promptly notify the customer of any such difference by mail.
13- The customer understands that it is his/her responsibility to contact the Bank in any of 
    the cases below:
       - When the ATM retains his/her card.
       - When he/she forgets to collect cash dispensed by the ATM.
       - Any error made in debiting or crediting his/her account related to the use of ATM 
         and POS.
14- The customer shall notify the Bank of any change in his/her home address by writing to 
    the branch of the Bank where his/her account is maintained.
15- The customer understands that transaction made during non banking hours or holidays will 
    be posted on the next banking day.
16- For Joint Accounts the Bank has the right to issue a separate ATM card for any partner in 
    the account upon the request of partners (jointly) and they will be considered liable 
    (jointly and severally) towards the Bank for any obligation by use of any these cards.
17- The customer authorizes the Bank to debit his/her account for any expenses incurred by 
    the Bank as a result of using other Bank's ATMs & POS through SPAN inside Kingdom or by 
    using ATMs and POS outside the Kingdom, and for the issuance fees, based on the rate 
    specified by the Bank. 
18- The customer agrees that cheques deposited into his/her account through the ATM shall be 
    accepted for collection and proceeds credited on realization. The Bank reserves the right 
    to advise the customer of any eventual error in this deposit and to make the necessary 
    correction. The customer authorize the Bank to debit his/her account with the Bank for 
    utility bills paid through ATMs.
19- These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws and regulations of the Kingdom 
    of Saudi Arabia.
20- SR50 will be deducted from your account as replacement fees of the Electron International 
    ATM card



Customer Name:                                                                   Signature 