Arab National Bank ("ANB" or the "Bank")has introduced its Electronic Phone Banking Service,
(the "service") to enable certain account holders (the "Customers") to process their banking
transactions from their home or office, through the bank, using a touch-key phone.

The bank is offering the Service to the Customer who desires to utilize and avail of the 
Service offered by the Bank.

The availability and utilization of the Service is subject to and is governed by the Terms 
and Conditions hereinafter set forth.
In consideration for the premises and mutual covenants set forth herein, and in reliance on 
the application and specific representation, acknowledgements and acceptance of Applicant 
set forth in its Application, all of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully 
set forth herein and made an integral part hereof, the Customer agrees, accepts, 
acknowledges and declares as follows:



1- Definitions:

   As used in these Terms and Conditions, the following words and expressions shall have the 
   meanings set forth respectively against each of them as follows:
   a. The "Bank" or "ANB" shall mean Arab National Bank (including any and/or all branches 
      thereof throughout the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia).
   b. "Customer" shall mean any natural or juristic entity which has entered into this 
      Agreement with the Bank for the provision of service.
   c. "Hatif Al Arabi or self-service through IVR" shall mean the service provided by the 
      Bank whereby the Customer by means of its own touch-key phone can access the Bank's 
      computer system to perform the following:
      
       - obtain information on its account and card balances, transactions passed over such 
         accounts or cards registered under the Bank's system,
       - execute financial transactions such as transfers, payment for utility bills and 
         credit card payments,
       - request account statements and checkbooks, &
       - use other facilities which may be made available in the Service.

2- The Customer hereby acknowledges, agrees, accepts and declares that provision of the 
   Service by the Bank is subject to the Terms and Conditions herein set forth and that the 
   Bank, any time and from time to time, shall have the right to vary these Terms and 
   Conditions. The Bank will advise the Customer in writing of any such variation(s) prior 
   to their validity date.

3- The Customer agrees, accepts and undertakes to preserve strict confidentiality of any and 
   all of its Service related PINs whether issued by the Bank or selected by the Customer. 
   The Customer further agrees and undertakes to safeguard against disclosure of, or access 
   to, the PINs by any third party, including the Customer's household and Bank staff. The 
   Customer will not permit any illegal or unauthorized use of the Service. Should the 
   Customer have reason to believe that its PIN is known or has been divulged to a third 
   party, it agrees to notify the Bank promptly.

4- It is hereby understood and agreed by the Customer and the Bank that the latter shall not
   be liable or reposible for any loss, damage, expense or otherwise which the Customer may 
   suffer or incur as a result of any breach of the Terms and Conditions hereof.

5- The Customer hereby agrees and accepts that the Bank reserves its full right to fully or 
   partially modify, update, cancel, suspend, withdraw, amend or supplement the Service and
   the Terms and Conditions hereof at any time without prior notice to the Customer.

6- a. The Customer hereby authorize the Bank to rely on and act upon any instruction(s) 
      received from the Customer which are, or appear to have been, received from the 
      Customer using its account number and PIN.
   b. The authority given by the Customer to the Bank in (6a) herein above shall be a 
      continuing authority for any transaction(s) effected by the Customer prior to the date
      of withdrawal of the authrority.
      Withdrawal or cancellation of the authority comes into effect as of the withdrawal or 
      cancellation date.
   c. It is hereby declared and agreed by the Customer that the Bank shall not be liable for 
      any mistake(s), omission(s), error(s), delay(s)...etc, while acting on the 
      instruction(s) of the Customer. Furthermore, the Bank shall not be liable to the 
      Customer, its employees and/or third parties as a result of misunderstanding the 
      instruction(s) given by the Customer.

7- The Customer warrants that the Bank has apprised, informed and warned the Customer, and 
   the Customer consequently acknowledges that it is fully aware, of the current technology
   limitations, associated restrictions and controls thereof.  The Customer further 
   acknowledges that controls and restrictions governing the use of the Service and Service 
   availability are hinged upon scientific progress and technology advances.  The Customer 
   specifically acknowledges that it is fully aware of the restrictions and limitations 
   governing utilization, and fully discharges the Bank from any and all claims and 
   liabilities associated therewith or resulting from its inability to use the Service for
   any reason whatsoever whether in or out of the Kingdom.
   
8- The Bank does not assume nor accept any liability or responsibility for any losses, 
   damages, costs or expenses, whether financial or information-related, which may be 
   suffered or incurred by the Customer or any third party as a result of inaccuracy of any 
   other functions provided by the Service.

9- Without prejudice to Clauses 7 & 8 above, The Bank does not assume any responsibility for
   any losses, damages or obligations resulting from or associated with Service unless the 
   same are attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank.  The Bank
   will not assume any liability for any consequential losses or damages under any 
   circumstance whatsoever.

10- The Bank will use its best efforts to effect and provide the service around the clock,
    but will not be held liable or responsible in case of failure to maintain Service 
    availability.
    
11- The Customer declares and acknowledges that transactions processed by means of Phone 
    Banking shall be subject to the limits as may be imposed or established by the Bank from
    time to time, whether as a result of the Bank's internal regulations or because of 
    controls, limits or restrictions required or imposed by any legal or regulatory 
    authority.  The Customer hereby accepts and agrees to the same.
    
12- The Bank's books, records, papers and other documents pertinent to the transaction(s) in 
    question shall be the conclusive evidence to be relied upon in judging any dispute 
    relating to figures, data, information, facts, transactions, instructions or any other 
    matter or difference arising between the Bank and the Customer.
    
13- The Bank reserves the right to demand written confirmation of certain transactions.  
    The Bank is further entitled to decline instructions without stating its reasons. 
   
14- The Customer agrees that the bank shall have the right to record the Customers's 
    conversation when placing instructions for execution of transaction(s) if it so wishes,
    and to use such recording in the resolution of any legal problem or dispute which may 
    arise in the future.
    
15- The Customer agrees and accepts that this Agreement sets forth its entire understanding
    and agreement with the Bank.  The terms and conditions herein contained shall apply to 
    all of the Customer's accounts, both existing and potential, including any joint and/or
    supplementary card accounts.
    
16- This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of and 
    regulations prevailing in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and any dispute, difference or 
    controversy that arises in connection herewith shall be fully and finally settled by the
    Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency Committee for settlement of Banking Disputes.